Add links on batch send operation in eventhubs (#6773)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/core/azure-core-tracing-opentelemetry/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History
## Version 1.0.0-beta.2 (2020-01-03)

> - Add eventHub properties to attributes of processing spans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `EventHubs.*` properties to attributes of processing spans.
```

- Remove `Azure` prefix from convenience layer span names.

> - Add links for batch send operation in EventHubs client library. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add links for batch send operation in Event Hubs client library. 
```
